come on take a stand lend a stop now
are you so hope your mother doesn't
totally forget to pick us up again BB
yeah we wouldn't want to have to board
the loser bus you new girl alert how
funny was it when Cassandra said that
thing about her saree outfit like to die
for buddy actually I thought Cassandra
was being kind of harsh I mean you know
like harsh in a funny way
uh speaking of harsh last night I had
this total nightmare that Cassandra was
a judge and she sentenced me to jail cuz
of my bad outfit haha that is so weird
I wouldn't have a nightmare that she
arrested me from well don't look now
Mimi but I think your nightmare is about
to come true what are you talking about
Mel my shirt if Cassandra sees this I am
so out of her inner circle lucky for you
I am a licensed fashion emergency
technician
hey Raven hey lava Oh am i hearing
things or did Melanie just talk to us
you're hearing things men left us for
cooler friends remember come on guys
you're still my friends to melody who
are you talking to
Oh nobody that's right
nobody's um Mel hello
aren't you gonna walk me to the car oh
um sure did we just go from friends to
nobodies in 2.5 seconds actually I think
it was more like two seconds flat